in the 17th year of pika the son of
in the 17th year of pika the son of remilia a has the son of Jotham king of
remilia a has the son of Jotham king of
remilia a has the son of Jotham king of judah began to reign a has was 20 years
judah began to reign a has was 20 years
judah began to reign a has was 20 years old when he became King and he reigned
old when he became King and he reigned
old when he became King and he reigned 16 years in Jerusalem and he did not do
16 years in Jerusalem and he did not do
16 years in Jerusalem and he did not do what was right in the sight of the Lord
what was right in the sight of the Lord
what was right in the sight of the Lord his God as his father David had done but
his God as his father David had done but
his God as his father David had done but he walked in the way of the kings of
he walked in the way of the kings of
he walked in the way of the kings of Israel indeed
Israel indeed
Israel indeed he made his son pass through the fire
he made his son pass through the fire
he made his son pass through the fire according to the abominations of the
according to the abominations of the
according to the abominations of the nations whom the Lord had cast out from
nations whom the Lord had cast out from
nations whom the Lord had cast out from before the children of Israel and he
before the children of Israel and he
before the children of Israel and he sacrificed and burned incense on the
sacrificed and burned incense on the
sacrificed and burned incense on the high places on the hills and under every
high places on the hills and under every
high places on the hills and under every green tree then reason king of syria and
green tree then reason king of syria and
green tree then reason king of syria and pika the son of ram a liar king of
pika the son of ram a liar king of
pika the son of ram a liar king of israel came up to jerusalem to make war
israel came up to jerusalem to make war
israel came up to jerusalem to make war and they besieged a has but could not
and they besieged a has but could not
and they besieged a has but could not overcome you
overcome you
overcome you at that time reason king of syria
at that time reason king of syria
at that time reason king of syria captured elath to syria and drove the
captured elath to syria and drove the
captured elath to syria and drove the men of judah from allah then the
men of judah from allah then the
men of judah from allah then the went to allah and dwell there
went to allah and dwell there
went to allah and dwell there to this day
to this day
to this day so a has sent messengers to
so a has sent messengers to
so a has sent messengers to tiglath-pileser king of assyria i am you
tiglath-pileser king of assyria i am you
tiglath-pileser king of assyria i am you sir and your son come up and save me
sir and your son come up and save me
sir and your son come up and save me from the hand of the king of syria and
from the hand of the king of syria and
from the hand of the king of syria and from the hand of the king of israel who
from the hand of the king of israel who
from the hand of the king of israel who rise up against me and a has took the
rise up against me and a has took the
rise up against me and a has took the silver and gold that was found in the
silver and gold that was found in the
silver and gold that was found in the house of the lord and in the Treasuries
house of the lord and in the Treasuries
house of the lord and in the Treasuries of the king's house and sent it as a
of the king's house and sent it as a
of the king's house and sent it as a present to the king of assyria so the
present to the king of assyria so the
present to the king of assyria so the king of assyria heeded him for the king
king of assyria heeded him for the king
king of assyria heeded him for the king of assyria went up against damascus and
of assyria went up against damascus and
of assyria went up against damascus and took it carried its people captive to
took it carried its people captive to
took it carried its people captive to cur and killed reason now king ahaz went
cur and killed reason now king ahaz went
cur and killed reason now king ahaz went to Damascus to meet tiglath-pileser king
to Damascus to meet tiglath-pileser king
to Damascus to meet tiglath-pileser king of assyria and saw an altar that was at
of assyria and saw an altar that was at
of assyria and saw an altar that was at Damascus and King Ahaz sent to Uriah the
Damascus and King Ahaz sent to Uriah the
Damascus and King Ahaz sent to Uriah the priests the design of the altar and its
priests the design of the altar and its
priests the design of the altar and its pattern according to all its workmanship
pattern according to all its workmanship
pattern according to all its workmanship then you ride your the priests built an
then you ride your the priests built an
then you ride your the priests built an altar according to all that King Ahaz
altar according to all that King Ahaz
altar according to all that King Ahaz had sent from Damascus so Uriah the
had sent from Damascus so Uriah the
had sent from Damascus so Uriah the priest made it before King Ahaz came
priest made it before King Ahaz came
priest made it before King Ahaz came back from Damascus and when the king
back from Damascus and when the king
back from Damascus and when the king came back from Damascus the King saw the
came back from Damascus the King saw the
came back from Damascus the King saw the altar and the King approached the altar
altar and the King approached the altar
altar and the King approached the altar and made offerings on
and made offerings on
and made offerings on so he burned his burnt offering and his
so he burned his burnt offering and his
so he burned his burnt offering and his grain offering and he poured his drink
grain offering and he poured his drink
grain offering and he poured his drink offering and sprinkled the blood of his
offering and sprinkled the blood of his
offering and sprinkled the blood of his peace offerings on the altar he also
peace offerings on the altar he also
peace offerings on the altar he also brought the bronze altar which was
brought the bronze altar which was
brought the bronze altar which was before the Lord from the front of the
before the Lord from the front of the
before the Lord from the front of the temple from between the new altar and
temple from between the new altar and
temple from between the new altar and the house of the Lord and put it on the
the house of the Lord and put it on the
the house of the Lord and put it on the north side of the new altar then King
north side of the new altar then King
north side of the new altar then King Ahaz commanded Uriah the priest on the
Ahaz commanded Uriah the priest on the
Ahaz commanded Uriah the priest on the great new altar
great new altar
great new altar burn the mourning burnt offering the
burn the mourning burnt offering the
burn the mourning burnt offering the evening grain offering the Kings burnt
evening grain offering the Kings burnt
evening grain offering the Kings burnt sacrifices and his green offering with
sacrifices and his green offering with
sacrifices and his green offering with the burnt offering of all the people of
the burnt offering of all the people of
the burnt offering of all the people of the land their grain offering and their
the land their grain offering and their
the land their grain offering and their drink offerings and sprinkle on it all
drink offerings and sprinkle on it all
drink offerings and sprinkle on it all the blood of the burnt offering and all
the blood of the burnt offering and all
the blood of the burnt offering and all the blood of the sacrifice and the
the blood of the sacrifice and the
the blood of the sacrifice and the bronze altar shall be from me to enquire
bronze altar shall be from me to enquire
bronze altar shall be from me to enquire by verse did you ride you the priest
by verse did you ride you the priest
by verse did you ride you the priest according to all the King Ahaz commanded
according to all the King Ahaz commanded
according to all the King Ahaz commanded and King Ahaz cut off the panel's of the
and King Ahaz cut off the panel's of the
and King Ahaz cut off the panel's of the counts and removed the Labour's from
counts and removed the Labour's from
counts and removed the Labour's from them and he took down the seed from the
them and he took down the seed from the
them and he took down the seed from the bronze oxen that were under it and put
bronze oxen that were under it and put
bronze oxen that were under it and put it on a pavement of stones also he
it on a pavement of stones also he
it on a pavement of stones also he removed the Sabbath pavilion which they
removed the Sabbath pavilion which they
removed the Sabbath pavilion which they had built in the temple and he removed
had built in the temple and he removed
had built in the temple and he removed the Kings outer entrance from the house
the Kings outer entrance from the house
the Kings outer entrance from the house of the Lord on account of the king of
of the Lord on account of the king of
of the Lord on account of the king of Assyria
Assyria
Assyria [Music]
[Music]
[Music] now the rest of the acts of Ahaz which
now the rest of the acts of Ahaz which
now the rest of the acts of Ahaz which he did are they not written in the book
he did are they not written in the book
he did are they not written in the book of The Chronicles of the kings of Judah
of The Chronicles of the kings of Judah
of The Chronicles of the kings of Judah so a has rested with his father's and
so a has rested with his father's and
so a has rested with his father's and was buried with his father's in the City
was buried with his father's in the City
was buried with his father's in the City of David
of David
of David then Hezekiah his son reigned in his
then Hezekiah his son reigned in his
then Hezekiah his son reigned in his place
place
place [Music]